New entries in UI and UX -- fixing PR (#4)
js6450/docs: content/uiux/concepts/double-diamond-diagram/double-diamond-diagram.md

The four phases of the double diamond process are as follows:

1. **Discover (divergent strategy)**: Explore the problem and landscape, and learn from users and the market through user interviews, surveys, and other research.
2. **Define (convergent strategy)**: Sort and analyze the information gathered during the discovery stage and hone in on the problem we're trying to solve.
3. **Develop (divergent execution)**: Generate a range of ideas for possible solutions through brainstorms, workshops, low fidelity prototypes, and other ideation methods. Test different ideas with users or within the company to see what resonates.
4. **Deliver (convergent execution)**: Hone in on, develop, and deliver the solution. Continue evaluating and testing the developed design to ensure it meets user needs.

> This methodology was [formalized by the British Design Council](<https://www.designcouncil.org.uk/sites/default/files/asset/document/ElevenLessons_Design_Council%20(2).pdf>) in 2005 through an in-depth study of 11 global brands, including LEGO, Microsoft, Sony, and Starbucks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This methodology was [formalized by the British Design Council](https://www.designcouncil.org.uk/sites/default/files/asset/document/ElevenLessons_Design_Council%20(2).pdf) in 2005 through an in-depth study of 11 global brands, including LEGO, Microsoft, Sony, and Starbucks.
```

Reviewer 2: This change will cause a failing format test, correct?

Reviewer 2: Changed the link

---
Title: 'Double Diamond Diagram'

> Description: 'The double diamond diagram is a design methodology consisting of a two-diamond structure that differentiates between divergent and convergent modes of thinking and when they occur during strategy and execution in the design process.'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Description: 'The double diamond diagram is a structured design methodology that differentiates between divergent and convergent modes of thinking and when they occur during strategy and execution in the design process.'
```

Reviewer 3: I don't think adding "two-diamond" is adding anything in this description, the structure is implicit in the name. I would suggest the edit as above or perhaps another word or phrase that could emphasize a feature of this framework, such as 'bimodal'

Subjects:
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'UI'
  - 'UX'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-ui-ux'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **double diamond diagram** is a [design methodology](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/design-methodologies) consisting of a two-diamond structure that differentiates between divergent and convergent modes of thinking and when they occur during strategy and execution in the design process. The four phases of the double diamond process are: discover, define, develop, and deliver.

Reviewer 3: Same edit as the previous

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **double diamond diagram** is a structured [design methodology](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/design-methodologies) that differentiates between divergent and convergent modes of thinking and when they occur during strategy and execution in the design process. The four phases of the double diamond process are: discover, define, develop, and deliver.
```

![The Double Diamond diagram: two diamonds side-by-side, broken down into Strategy (Discover and Define) and Execution (Develop and Deliver) phases, moving from problem to solution.](https://static-assets.codecademy.com/Courses/intro-to-ui-and-ux/key-methodologies/double-diamond.png)

This model promotes creativity and innovation while making it clear when decisions should be made and when teams should commit to a direction. A well-executed double diamond process ensures that product requirements and subsequent design work are focused on user needs.

> The double diamond diagram illustrates two modes of thinking that occur during the strategy and execution stages of the design process. [Divergent thinking](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/divergent-thinking) explores many possible solutions and generates novel ideas. [Convergent thinking](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/convergent-thinking) analyzes, filters, and focuses ideas and leads to decisions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The double diamond diagram illustrates two modes of thinking that occur during the strategy and execution stages of the design process. Teams can leverage [divergent thinking](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/divergent-thinking) to explore many possible solutions and generate novel ideas. The second stage is dedicated to [convergent thinking](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/convergent-thinking) to analyze, filter, and focus ideas in order to bring clarity and direction to the design process.
```

Reviewer 3: An alternative wording that I think that's a bit more verbose and less abstract.

## Double Diamond Phases

The four phases of the double diamond process are as follows:

1. **Discover (divergent strategy)**: Explore the problem and landscape, and learn from users and the market through user interviews, surveys, and other research.

> 2. **Define (convergent strategy)**: Sort and analyze the information gathered during the discovery stage and hone in on the problem we're trying to solve.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. **Define (convergent strategy)**: Sort and analyze the information gathered during the discovery stage and home in on the problem we're trying to solve.
```

3. **Develop (divergent execution)**: Generate a range of ideas for possible solutions through brainstorms, workshops, low fidelity prototypes, and other ideation methods. Test different ideas with users or within the company to see what resonates.

> 4. **Deliver (convergent execution)**: Hone in on, develop, and deliver the solution. Continue evaluating and testing the developed design to ensure it meets user needs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. **Deliver (convergent execution)**: Home in on, develop, and deliver the solution. Continue evaluating and testing the developed design to ensure it meets user needs.
```
